Hurry up and wait
Mr. Qiao, Miss Qiao is overweight
Risk of suffocation at any time
Immediate surgery is required
The doctor did everything possible
I must save my daughter
Don't worry, I'll try my best.
Thank you doctor
Wow
Where am I?
Manman, you're awake
Is there any discomfort?
Dad?
Why am I so fat?
I hate myself so much
Don't say that slowly
When the doctor operates on you
Make your previous pathway clear
You are now a healthy normal person.
As long as you are willing to lose weight
You'll lose weight soon.
Really? Can I lose weight now?
It's all dad's fault
I didn't take good care of you.
Make you sick and so fat
Become so inferior
If Dad hadn't gone bankrupt
Can't support you
That kid Lu Chengyun dares to divorce you
Dad, don't say that
You and mom are the people who love me the most in the world
My good mig
They all laughed at me for being a pig
I'll burn it for them